Difference between
AI -> To create an application which can perform its own task without human intervention
Ex: Netflix recommendation system
i.e suppose you watch ACtion movies and show next recommendation in Action movies
Ex: Self driving car
Machine Learning : It is subset of AI
It provides stats tools analyse, visualise , prediction, forecasting the data
Deep Learning : It is subset of mavhine Learning
It is implemented to mimic human brain i.e machine learns like a human brain
Here it uses multi layered Neural network
Data SCience : Will overlap all the above things (AI,ML,DL)



Types of Machine Learning techniques
1. Supervised ML techniques

Suppose task is to predict house price and i have data set with data like
size of house      # of rooms       price
5000                5                  200
6000                6                  500
This is example for regression problem statement

Here there are two types of features
1.Independent/output features like size of house, # of rooms
2.dependent features like price


here we have 2 types of problem statements
1. Regression
2.Classification

In Rregression problem statement we have dependent variable as contionuous
In Classification problem statement we have dependent variable as categorical 

Example for Classification problem statement
NO of study hours       No of play hours      pass/Fail
4                           2                   pass
6                           7                   fail

If the dependent variable have only 2 outputs it is binary Classification
If the dependent variable have more than 2 outputs it is multiclass Classification

2. unsupervised ML techniques
Here we do not know the output feature, i.e we do not predict anything here
instead we find clusters

Ex : customer segmentation
Salary       spending score(1-10)
20000           9
45000           5
here we do not have o/p feature i.e there is no need to predict the spending score based on Salary

Suppose i have an ecommerce company and i have to send mail with some discount coupon to people
 based on spending scores
we create clusters here like
less salary and spending score high
high salary and spending score median
high salary and spending score high etc
in future when i launch the product i give more discount to 'high salary and spending score high'
cluster people

Here we have different types of clusters

Algorithms to be learn in supervised ML
1. Linear Regression
2. Ridge and Lasso
3.Elastic Net
4. Logistic Regression (classification)
5.Decision Tree (solves both classification and regression)
6.Random forest (solves both classification and regression)
7. Adaboost (solves both classification and regression)
8.xgboost (solves both classification and regression)

Unsupervised ML Algorithms
1. k means
2. heirarchial mean
3. DB scan clustering

3. Reinforcement ML techniques

Application will learn itself 
Ex : baby learns new things as he/she grows up


Equation of line 3D plane and hyper plane

line equation:
y = mx + c
ax + by + c = 0
slope -> with unit movement in x axis what is the movement in y axis
c -> y intercept i.e at x = 0 where does the straight line meet y axis

ax + by + c = 0
by + c = -ax
by = -ax - c
y = -ax/b -c/b
m -> -a/b
c -> -c/b



